README.md: howto execute development versions for non-devs (#271)
dalibo/pg_activity: README.md

![pg_activity screenshot](https://raw.github.com/dalibo/pg_activity/master/docs/imgs/screenshot.png)

Installation from packages (recommended)
----------------------------------------

pg\_activity is available in many Linux distributions; the PostgreSQL Global
Development Group (PGDG) also provides packages for RPM-based
(https://yum.postgresql.org/) and Debian-based distributions
(https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Apt):

    $ sudo yum install pg_activity

    $ sudo apt install pg-activity

Using distribution packages is the recommended way to install pg\_activity.

Installation from pip
---------------------

Alternatively, pg\_activity can be installed using pip on Python 3.6 or later
along with psycopg2 (version 2.8 or higher):

    $ python3 -m pip install pg_activity psycopg2-binary

Then launch:

>     $ ~/.local/bin/pg_activity

Reviewer: Not sure the info is needed since calling pg_activity works just fine as is.

Reviewer: Thanks for  the PR !

Author: When installing through pip  with the postgres user on Ubuntu, I have this:

```
  WARNING: The script pg_activity is installed in '/var/lib/postgresql/.local/bin' which is not on PATH.
  Consider adding this directory to PATH or, if you prefer to suppress this warning, use --no-warn-script-location.
```

I suppose that `.local/bin` is not in the `$PATH` of system users.

Installation from the git repository
------------------------------------

This is only necessary to test development versions. First, clone the repository:

    $ git clone https://github.com/dalibo/pg_activity.git

> Change the branch if necessary. Then create an dedicated environment,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the branch if necessary. Then create a dedicated environment,
```

> install dependencies and then pg\_activity from the repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
install pg_activity and it's dependencies. Finally, run pg\_activity from the 
virtual environment:
```

Author: Dependencies first, isn'it ?

And « its », not « it's »

    $ python3 -m venv MYENV
    $ source MYENV/bin/activate
    $ python3 -m pip install psycopg2-binary
    $ python3 -m pip install pg_activity/

>     $ pg_activity

Reviewer 2: I'd recommended the following:
```console
$ cd pg_activity
$ python3 -m venv .venv
$ . .venv/bin/activate
(.venv) $ pip install . psycopg2-binary
(.venv) $ pg_activity
```

- `.venv` is an usual name for virtualenvs
- it's quite common to put the virtualenv inside the source tree
- when the venv is activated, one can use `pip` directly
- and install from current directory

Author: Thanks!  PR updated
